Improve Gen UI docs, group providers/gen ui in API reference, misc improvements (#1014)
vercel/ai: docs/pages/docs/api-reference/generative-ui/get-mutable-ai-state.mdx

### `done`

> You must call `.done()` when you're finished updating the AI state. This "seals" the AI state and marks it ready to be synced with the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must call `.done()` when you're finished updating the AI state. This "seals" the AI state and marks it ready to be synced with the client as well as external storage.
```
